Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
The last day of school
is the best day of the year.
Oh, Benny.
I'll miss my teachers,
especially Mrs. Warner.
Yeah, school's fun,
but summer is funner.
More fun, Benny.
That's what I said.
I wonder what Grandfather
has planned for us.
He promised to tell us
a surprise today, remember?
I can't believe it's been
a whole year
since we came to live with him.
Race ya!
Oh, no you don't!
Let's go.
Hmm.
- Where are they, boy?
- Hi, Watch.
- Whoo.
- Hey, boy.
Tell us, Grandfather.
You promised, remember?
Did I?
Watch wants to know too.
Oh!
It's summer vacation,
and we all want to know.
Mm-hm. School's out already?
That can't be right.
But school is out,
right, Jessie?
He's joking, Benny.
Joking?
I mean everything I say.
Now, come and sit down
and I'll tell you the surprise.
Did you know that our family
has an island?
An island?
It's just a little one.
There's nothing on it
except a small farm
and a fishing cottage.
Old Captain Daniel
looks after it for me.
How come you never told us
about it before now?
I was saving it
for just this moment.
I thought we'd go see it
this very afternoon.
And if you like, you can
stay there for the summer,
just as I did
when I was your age.
- Oh.
- Is it far away?
Not too far.
Just a short drive
to Stonington.
Then Captain Daniel
will take us over in the boat.
Will we stay there by ourselves?
No, the Captain lives
on the island in the summer.
What will we do there?
I used to like
exploring the island.
You can go swimming and fishing
whenever you feel like it.
Oh, I love fishing!
Can Watch go too?
Certainly. He would be lonesome
without you.
Yay!
Come on, let's get packing.
We need dishes,
spoons, cups, bowls.
We better make a list.
Worms, Jessie.
Don't forget worms.
Don't worry,
we'll get plenty of worms.
I'm going on a picnic,
and I'm bringing apples.
I'm going on a picnic, and I'm
bringing apples and bananas.
I'm going on a picnic
and I'm bring apples and bananas
and crayons.
Crayons aren't food, Benny.
Uh-huh. I saw a kid eat them
in school one time.
Wow! Look at all the boats!
And there's Dr. Moore.
We haven't seen him in ages.
Yes. I thought he might like
to come along too.
Is that a pirate
he's talking to?
No, Benny.
That's Captain Daniel.
Oh.
Dr. Moore!
Well, hello.
- Hey!
- We missed you!
It's been far too long.
How are you all?
How was your school year?
Good to see you, Captain.
How's the channel today?
It'll be a smooth trip, sir.
Glad to hear it.
All aboard then.
Yeah!
Slow down.
Commander Alden,
reporting for duty, sir!
Aye aye, Commander.
All right. Hold on, everyone.
There it is!
Our very own island!
Why are you waving, Benny?
- There's nobody there.
- I'm saying hello to the island.
Is that our little house?
That is my house.
You are staying up there.
Follow me.
I'll show you the way.
Are we going to live
in that yellow house then?
Nope, not there either.
But that just leaves...
- Up there?
- Let's take a look
before you decide
you don't like it.
Come on, Benny.
Oh, wow.
My goodness.
Hi there.
Wee!
We can sleep in here,
like ponies.
Our own stove?
- It looks new.
- Giddy-up!
I guess someone's made a few
improvements around here.
And when you need it,
there's fresh water
from the pump
just by the windmill.
It's cold as ice,
even on very hot days.
A hayloft!
What do you think, Henry?
Should we stay here tonight?
I think
that's a great idea, Jessie.
So, does that mean you like it?
We love it, Grandfather.
This is such a great surprise.
I believe there's still an old
swing behind the yellow house.
If you swing high enough,
you can see the whole island.
I wanna do that!
Well, come on, then.
And that's about
the shape of it.
That's quite a story.
But I think you've done
the right thing.
Why so serious?
Oh, well, I...
I was just telling the doctor
about the young fella
I hired to help me this summer.
Who is he?
He's from just over
on the mainland.
I've known the family for years.
Apparently, he hurt his arm.
As long as I'm here, I should
probably go take a look.
I think that's a good idea.
Let's meet this young man.
Oh! What about the swing?
I can check on him just fine.
You go have fun with Benny.
- Come on, Grandfather.
- All right.
We'll be at the swing,
if you need me.
Thank you, Doctor.
I don't like secrets, but
I don't know what else to do.
Hmm. Something hidden
is always a burden.
Maybe we can fix that.
Hm?
Hello.
I'm Dr. Moore.
Hmm.
Captain Daniel thought maybe
it'd be a good idea
if I had a look at your arm.
Oh, it's okay.
Dr. Moore can help.
- The Captain told me you fell.
- Yes.
I hit my head pretty hard
and broke my left arm.
How did it happen?
I was exploring the pueblo
in New Mexico
and fell from a cliff.
May I?
Hmm. Oh my.
Well, you're lucky
it wasn't worse.
I suppose you're right,
but I don't feel very lucky.
Yeah.
Well, it seems
to be healing nicely.
And how about your head?
For a few weeks
I couldn't remember much,
but I'm feeling better now.
Do you mind if I ask you a few
questions? Just to make sure.
Okay.
If you promise
that it will stay between us.
Of course,
if that's what you really want.
Yeah!
I can see the whole world
out there!
Wow!
Mm Mm-hm.
And I came here
to Captain Daniel
as soon as I remembered
who I was.
I'd like to take another look
at that arm in a couple weeks.
Mm, come to my office
and we'll talk more then.
- I will. Thanks.
- Ah.
And thanks for keeping it
all under wraps.
I guess we better decide what
- the children should call you.
- Mm.
They can call me Joe.
It is my middle name,
after all.
Yeah. All right then,
we'll call you Joe.
What do you think, Doc?
Well, you can't force someone
to see what they don't want to.
It won't take.
They have to come to it
themselves.
I think being around those kids
will be the best medicine
of all.
Yeah.
Henry, you're in charge.
But if you need anything,
Captain Daniel
has a phone in his cottage.
Are you sure you won't be
lonesome, Grandfather?
I'm sure I will,
but I'll come to visit
as often as I can.
You won't hear Watch bark
at the milkman for a long time.
True. I shall miss all that
wonderful noise in the morning.
Can I drive?
In about ten years.
Man overboard!
Everything check out okay?
Yes, it's fine,
just as the Captain said.
He seems like a good young man.
Goodbye now!
- Bye!
- Bye, Grandfather!
Goodbye! And have fun!
I'll see you all soon.
- Goodbye!
- Bye, Grandfather!
- Bye!
Can we have supper now?
I'm hungry.
Of course.
We can have supper as soon
as we make a table to eat it on.
I can't wait that long.
It's almost my bedtime.
Not tonight, Benny.
Tonight, you get to stay up
until it gets dark.
How's that?
Really?
Let's get to work.
After all that work,
I'm pretty hungry.
Can't forget you, boy.
You like that, don't you?
The sea air
is making Watch hungry.
I think I have sea air too.
Can I have another piece?
All you want, Benny.
Thanks, Jessie.
What are we looking for?
The spring,
that Grandfather told us about.
The brook should lead us
right to it.
Look, honeysuckle.
Mmm.
Yummy.
Look! A magic barrel!
It's not magic, Benny.
The windmill pumps the water
up into the barrel
so we can use it.
It sounds like...
...magic to me.
Oh my. I think maybe
you do have sea air after all.
You guys get Benny to bed.
I'll get the water.
Thanks, Henry.
Come on, little man.
Can I have the stall
next to yours, Jessie?
Of course, Benny.
Socks.
Sleep tight.
How'd we miss this
last night, boy?
Hello.
Oh. Good morning.
I'm Henry.
I'm... Joe.
I work for Captain Daniel.
Hiya, boy.
- How do you like your garden?
- Mine?
- Is it mine?
- It is.
I got it started for you
but it's up to you
to take care of it now.
Good morning.
Hello, Joe.
You look just like Joe.
And you look just like Benny.
How did you know?
Captain Daniel told me
all your names.
I feel as if I knew you already.
Well, I better get back to work.
Oh, and if you need something,
just write it down
on a piece of paper
and it leave it in the box
on the dock.
He seems nice.
Mm. Watch likes him.
Don't you, boy?
He reminds me of someone.
I just can't think who.
He must've started this garden
in the spring.
These peas are ready to eat.
Avast yee landlubbers!
Arrgh!
You'll be the one
to walk the plank
if you don't help us pick
the peas.
I think we should
make a plan for the summer.
Mornings we can work
in the garden when it's cool.
- Hmm.
Hey, how about
you give me a hand?
Sure, Henry. What are we doing?
Making a cupboard
to hold the dishes.
You take this.
I'll hold the nail.
Wait! Wait!
Huh?
This way, you won't get
your thumb smashed.
Good idea, Jessie.
Ha! I did it!
These look delicious, Jessie.
- They're so sweet.
- And crunchy.
Everything seems better
when we work for it ourselves.
Mmm.
What do you say we check out
the beach after lunch?
Yeah! We can look for treasure.
Great idea, Benny.
It's so pretty here.
Whoa.
Look at that!
Clams!
Wee!
I can't dig fast enough.
Good boy, Watch! You can do
all my digging if you want.
Hey.
Come on.
Let's keep exploring.
The clams will keep like this
just fine.
We can pick them up
on the way back.
Hey, look!
Out there!
Grandfather must've
fixed this place for us to swim.
Let's check it out.
Ah!
Cold! I like warm water.
Hey, you'll get used to it,
once you go in all the way.
Oh, Benny.
You go ahead, Jessie.
I'll keep an eye on Benny.
Thanks Violet.
Stupid water.
Whoo! Isn't this perfect, Henry?
Paradise.
Huh?
How's the water today?
Like melted ice.
I see you found some rock weed.
This?
Look.
See how different it is
when it's in the water?
Oh, there it goes.
We've lost it.
There!
I've got it!
Look, Violet!
What are you guys doing?
Oh.
It's beautiful, Benny.
Violet, may I use
some of your paper?
- Sure.
- Watch this.
Benny, float the seaweed
in the water again.
Seaweed has a natural glue in it
that makes it stick
to the paper.
When it dries, you can use
the paper for writing letters.
Whoa.
Look at this funny shell.
I think I'll save it.
Should we collect this too,
Jessie?
Oh, it's lovely, Benny.
Hey, what if we make
our own museum?
That is a perfectly
wonderful idea.
I'll make a list
of things to collect.
Problem, how can I write
the names of these things
when we don't know
what they're called?
Tell you what, I'm going
to the mainland this afternoon.
I could stop by the library
and ask the librarian
if she knows any books
that might help.
- Would you, Joe?
- I'd be glad to.
Come on. Let's see what else
we can find for the museum.
Whoa!
Can someone open the door?
Whoa.
Oh, let me help.
Perfect timing.
Supper is almost ready.
- Can you stay?
- I...
Good. Then we can look
at the books together after.
Can I do anything?
You're our first guest.
But you'll have to wash
your own dishes.
Oh, no he won't, Benny.
You shouldn't say such things.
Just sit, Joe.
I'll bring you some clams.
How do you eat clams, anyway?
Use your fork
to pull the clam out.
Then, dip it into the butter.
Oh! Oh! Like this, right?
Mmm.
That was wonderful, Jessie.
But I really do want to help
with the dishes.
All right.
We'll get it done faster
if we all do them together.
Then we can look at the books.
My flower!
B-E-A-C-H
P-E-A.
It's a beach pea!
Whoa.
I'd like to find one of these.
Did you know that you can tell
how old a sand dollar is
by counting its rings?
What is it, Henry?
Oh, nothing.
Just... how do you know
so much about this stuff?
I supposed I just picked it up
here and there.
Oh, I was having so much fun,
I didn't realize
how late it was.
Thanks again.
This was really nice.
Bye, Joe.
Goodnight, Benny.
I love looking at these books.
They make me want to get started
on our museum.
What is it, Henry?
It's raining pretty hard.
Hey, listen.
The rain is coming in somewhere.
Over there.
We can't let the stove get wet.
What's the matter, Jessie?
It's okay, Benny.
You go back to sleep.
I can't. Rain's coming
in my window and all over me.
What's going on?
Oh dear.
You have to get up, Benny.
I wanna go home.
It's nice and dry there.
Now Benny, don't be like that.
You're a big boy now.
Benny, you can sleep in my bed.
I'll make sure
there are no more leaks.
Looks like a perfect day
to work on our museum.
A perfect day
for some warm clam chowder too.
Oh, but I'll need some onions
from the garden,
and it's pouring out.
I'll get them.
I better do it now
before this rain gets any worse.
Hmm. My clothes
are gonna get soaked.
I have an idea.
Why don't you put on
your swimsuit?
Brilliant.
What would we do without you?
Delivery.
Mmm.
It seems a shame to press
these beautiful flowers.
In the winter, the flowers
outside will be gone,
while these
will stay beautiful forever.
It's already noon.
I think the chowder's ready.
- This smells amazing.
- Mmm!
Mmm.
I don't mind the rain at all.
I think your birds
are the best thing
in the museum, Henry.
The rain has stopped.
Let's explore to the very end
of the island today.
A mountain!
Whoa!
A mountain of clam shells.
They're all broke.
Broken, Benny.
Well, broken then.
Old, broken clam shells.
No pretty ones for our museum.
It's as if somebody sat here
for years and years,
getting out clams.
Mysterious.
Come on, let's keep going.
We're almost at the end
of the island.
I... I don't think
we can go any further.
Look!
A little cave!
Benny?
In here! Come on!
It's like a little room.
Listen. Echo!
Watch thinks he found a clam.
Let's see.
What do you have there, boy?
Huh.
Hmm.
I think it's an old axe head.
It's still sharp!
Henry, look!
The tide is coming in!
Let's get out of here!
No one knows where we are.
I'm scared.
Don't talk, Benny.
Just keep going.
A big wave is coming!
When it comes,
we all have to dive under!
Hold on tight and don't let go.
Help! Henry!
- Hang on, Benny!
- Benny!
Henry!
We're lucky we got out.
We did get out.
Thank good old Watch for that.
Everything all right?
Hm?
No, we're scared,
and almost dead.
What do you mean?
We crawled into a cave
and the tide came up
and almost caught us.
If Watch hadn't barked,
I'm not so sure
we would've made it.
Come on. Captain Daniel
made a pot of stew for lunch.
That'll warm you up.
Ah!
That sounds pretty good, Joe.
We found something
in the cave
but we're not sure what it is.
This is an axe head.
I thought it was,
but you seem to be sure.
Where'd you find it?
Just past that old pile of clam
shells at the tip of the island.
There's a cave there.
Benny found it.
Can you show me?
Oh no. I'm sorry I found it.
And I'm never going back.
Don't worry, Benny. We'll be
all right if Joe is with us.
Let's take a rest for a bit and
give the tide a chance to turn.
Then, we'll go
have a look together.
About here is where
we found the axe head.
But the tide
has washed away the hole.
We need to dig carefully
so we don't break anything
we might find.
Is this anything?
Let's see.
Here's another piece.
It's a cooking bowl!
How can you tell?
By the way the pieces fit.
It tells us a lot.
I think my chicken bone
tells the most.
That's too big
to be a chicken bone.
Horse bone then.
I think that's a human bone,
Benny.
The sand is dry here.
Which means the tide doesn't
normally reach this high.
These bones must've been
uncovered in a big storm.
Whatever happened here,
it happened a long time ago.
Why do you want pictures?
We need a record of everything
just as we found it.
Every detail will teach us
something about the history
of this island.
We need to let the right people
know before we dig anymore.
Aw, but we just found him, Joe.
He's for our museum.
I know, Benny,
but if word gets out about it,
people from the mainland will
come here looking for souvenirs,
and they would destroy the site.
I think we better keep
everything a secret
until we can tell
your grandfather, okay?
Okay, Joe.
Listen.
It's coming from down
by the dock.
Why thank you.
You're too kind.
Could I see it just a minute?
Sure.
Go ahead and try.
Oh. I can't play it.
You sure
you don't want to try?
I can show you how.
I have a feeling
you might be good at it.
You play some more, Joe.
I think the fish
are sleeping in this morning.
I haven't caught a thing.
Grandfather says
that just when you think
you won't catch a fish,
that's when you will catch one
for sure.
Oh, it works!
Hang on, Benny.
I will!
I did it! I caught a fish.
You sure did, Benny!
It's Joe!
Oh, I hope he got the groceries.
Hi Joe!
Joe, hey Joe, look at my fish!
Wow, Benny! That's a whopper!
I think this is everything
on your list.
Thanks, Joe.
And one more thing.
Oh wow.
Oh my.
- Look at that!
- It's beautiful.
I have time now,
if you'd like a lesson.
I think I would, Joe.
I'll go with you!
No, you'd better keep fishing.
We don't have enough
for dinner yet,
- and you're our best fisherman.
- That's true.
Here, you earned it.
Thanks, Henry.
Get up! Get up!
Grandfather's coming today!
Huh?
Hey, come here!
We should make him something
special for lunch today.
I bet he would like to eat
the same things we usually do.
Maybe he and I
could go fishing.
But we might not catch anything.
Grandfather may not have time
for fishing.
Let's have dinner
from our own garden.
Oh, that's a better idea.
At least we'll know for sure
we'll have something to eat.
That must be him!
Grandfather! Grandfather!
Here I am!
I see you!
I caught two fish
just the way you taught me!
And they were real fish
and Jessie baked them
and... and... and we ate them!
Amazing!
Grandfather!
Hmm.
You've made this barn
look pretty good.
I remember this old thing.
Say, what's up there?
Can I take a look?
Of course.
But it is awfully hot up there.
I don't mind.
Ah.
We used to call these
mermaids' tears.
Hmm.
Did anyone tell you
to make a museum like this?
No. It was our idea.
Don't you like it?
I like it very much.
I did the very same thing
when I was your age.
I found a big bone,
but Joe said
we can't put it in our museum.
It's a secret.
Really?
Who's Joe?
That man who works
for Captain Daniel.
Well, I see.
Let's go back downstairs.
We can sit down.
I think that's a good idea.
Joe says
it's a very old skeleton.
If people find out,
they'll come over and ruin it.
A skeleton?
We found it in a cave,
near a big pile of shells
at the end of the island.
Ah.
I remember that pile of shells
from when I was a boy.
Look, Grandfather.
Joe says
they're from olden days.
Hmm.
That Joe seems to know a lot.
I have something to show you
too.
Now, what is this?
I'm afraid I'm a bit
out of practice.
It's so much fun
to see all this.
I'd like to show you
the best thing.
What's that?
I'd like to show you Joe.
I think he went over
to the mainland this morning.
That's funny.
Because he certainly knew
Grandfather was coming today.
That makes me cross.
I want you to see Joe.
He's my best friend
in all the world.
Then I'm cross too.
Please pass the carrots.
You've done
a wonderful job with the garden.
Everything is so delicious.
I shall come
to this restaurant again.
Please do. But you're not
going home already, I hope.
I wish I didn't have to.
It's so much more fun
being here with you.
Oh.
But before I go, I have
something for each of you.
Where's that bag I had
when I came in?
Here it is.
Ah, thanks, Benny.
Just a few things I thought
might come in handy.
These should be useful
when you're exploring.
Whoa. Wow.
Hey, thanks.
I was hoping you would make
some beautiful paintings
of the island for me.
Oh. I will.
And these,
for the chef in the family.
Hmm.
Ah-hah.
Here you are, Benny.
Wow!
Vroom! Vroom! Vroom! Vroom!
Look, I'm Captain Daniel,
driving the boat.
I wish
you didn't need to leave.
Hmm.
I sure wish Joe
could've met Grandfather.
- Me too, Benny.
- I'm sure they'll meet sometime.
What are you making, Jess?
An apple pie.
But I have to use this bottle
as a rolling pin.
I hope it turns out.
I'll get it.
I'm sorry.
Uh, I don't mean to bother you.
Please, come in, won't you?
I went to the cottage
by the dock but nobody was home.
Then I saw the smoke
from the chimney up here.
Oh.
Forgive me.
I should introduce myself.
My name is Lonan Browning.
I'm Henry.
Nice to meet you, sir.
I'm looking
for a friend of mine.
He's been missing,
and I am worried about him.
I heard that he might be staying
on the Alden island.
This is the Alden island,
isn't it?
It is, but I'm afraid
you've come over
for nothing, Mr. Browning.
There's nobody on the island
but us,
Captain Daniel and Joe.
Oh, I'm sorry to hear that.
I thought I finally found him.
I guess I'll just have
to keep looking.
Wait,
as long as you're here,
why don't you stay and help us
eat our first apple pie.
It does smell awfully good.
Well, come on then.
Oh, it looks delicious.
Hey, guests first, Mr. Watch.
Thank you.
Mmm. It is delicious.
Did you know Joe is my best
friend in all the world?
All but Jessie, and maybe Watch
and Captain Daniel,
and of course, Violet and Henry,
and my grandfather.
You have a lot of best friends.
Joe plays the violin.
Is that so?
He also knows about seaweed
and shells
and arrowheads.
Hmm.
Your Joe knows a lot.
Do you know where he is?
He's probably out on the boat,
helping Captain Daniel.
Why?
Well, my friend knows a lot
about arrowheads too.
I have a feeling
maybe your friend and my friend
are the same after all.
Oh.
Can you give Joe this card
when you see him next?
It has my number, so he can
call me if he wants to.
Thank you all again.
You were so kind to share
such a wonderful pie.
- Mmm.
- Goodbye.
Morning, Benny.
Morning, Joe.
Do hermit crabs and starfish
and jellies go to heaven?
Uh...
I wouldn't know, Ben.
Answer really, Joe.
I suppose there ought to be
enough room
for all creatures in heaven,
as long as people
don't have the final say.
Grandfather let me invite a
friend over to the island today.
That was nice of him.
Yep. Captain Daniel
is getting them now.
Can you help us build a fire
so we can roast marshmallows?
I'd be glad to.
Let's go gather some wood.
Oh, here they come!
Meet you at the beach!
Mike!
Hey, big Ben!
Watch and Spotty are friends.
Spotty's a lot bigger than Watch
and stronger too.
Watch may be small
but he is fast.
Mmm.
Let's race the dogs
and find out.
Good idea!
Ready...
set... go!
Find Joe, Watch! Find Joe!
Well, hello there, Watch...
and friend.
Those boys are quite a pair.
Spotty got there first.
He did not.
He didn't even know the way.
Benny, don't start
the picnic fighting.
You started this fight, Benny.
I did not start it!
Yes, you did too!
You two stop fighting,
or we'll end the picnic
right now
and send Mike home.
That's not fair!
Ow!
You see what happens
when you get mad?
You've kicked a broken shell
and cut your big toe.
Benny, get me
the first aid kit, please.
Okay, Henry.
Let me fix it.
That ought to hold you,
but you should take it easy
on that foot for a while.
Ah, looks all right to me.
Come on, Mike, let's explore.
Help! Help!
Somebody's fallen in!
Keep your eyes on him!
Help!
Come back, Joe.
Joe's got him.
I think it's Pat.
Who's Pat?
He's my brother.
He's 11 years old.
He knew I was coming here today.
Do you know
who the other boy is?
Maybe Johnny.
He knew about
a row boat he could get.
But he doesn't know
how to use it.
It's not his.
They just took it.
You mean they stole it?
Pat!
He'll be all right.
Just a little wet and scared.
Let's get him over by the fire
to warm up.
You were lucky
Joe is such a good swimmer.
We won't ever
take a boat again.
No, I don't believe
you will either.
Here, Pat,
this will warm you up.
I'll say. It's on fire!
Hang on, everyone.
Bye, Benny!
What are you crying about,
Benny?
I wouldn't cry at nothing.
Who's crying? Not me!
Spotty can run faster
than Watch.
Don't listen to him.
He's nothing but trouble,
anyway.
I wish he would come over
every day.
No!
I think we can get along without
any company at all for a while.
You don't call
Joe company, do you?
Oh, no.
He's just one of the family.
Did I do something wrong?
No, the wind just shifted on us.
We can't control the wind,
but we can adjust the sails.
When I say so,
you pull the tiller.
Okay.
Now!
Hang on!
Wow!
This is so much fun!
Joe, I was thinking,
do you think I could be
an explorer when I get older?
What I mean is, can a person
go to faraway places
and discover old bones
and things for a job?
I've heard of it.
Hey, I know
an old explorer's trick.
First, you find the Big Dipper.
Then, find the two stars
that form the outer edge
of the Dipper's cup.
There and there.
If you imagine a line straight
through those two stars,
it would point to the brightest
star in the Little Dipper,
right at the end of its handle.
That's Polaris,
the North Star.
It always points to true north.
Know the secret
of finding the North Star,
and you will know how
to find your way home,
even in the darkest of nights.
You two
have been busy this morning.
Watch did most of the work.
Good boy, Watch.
Did you forget
what day it is today?
No.
Yes.
Maybe.
What day is it, Henry?
Who forgets their own birthday?
I did forget.
Now that you remember,
what do you want for a present?
- Cream!
- Do you mean ice cream?
No, I mean cream in a bottle,
like milk.
A big bottle, not a little one.
That's a strange
kind of a present.
You want to drink it?
No, I want to put it on some
blackberries, like Peter Rabbit.
Well, okay then.
One big bottle of cream it is.
Happy birthday, Benny.
Hi Joe! It's my birthday!
Yes, I know. Violet told me.
How about a birthday concert?
Will you play too, Violet?
Yes. If you'd like me to.
What a great present!
Can we hear it now?
Ready?
- Beautiful, Violet.
- Wonderful.
I could listen all day.
John!
Mr. Browning?
I am so glad
I've finally found you.
His name is Joe, not John.
I should know,
he's my best friend.
Yes, I think you told me
when I was here before.
But he was my friend
before he was yours.
He could have two best friends.
Well, that's fair.
Do you mind if I talk with
our best friend for a moment?
I guess that's okay.
Are you all right, John?
You just disappeared
after the accident.
Accident? What accident?
Well...
I was working for Mr. Browning's
museum in New Mexico.
One day, I was exploring
in the mountains,
when the rocks gave way.
- Whoa!
- Oh, wow.
I fell and banged my head
pretty good.
It was quite a goose egg.
Oh my.
I couldn't remember much
for a few weeks.
This island was one of the first
things to come back to me.
I thought it might be
a quiet place to get better
and think things through.
I'm sorry that I let you down.
Oh, nonsense.
You didn't let anyone down.
And as soon as you're ready,
I want you to come back to work.
I'm glad to hear you say it,
but I need to talk
to my uncle first,
if he'll see me, that is.
See you? He's worn himself out
worrying about you.
I feel awful
about not telling him sooner.
He'll be even more angry
when he finds out
I've been here the whole time
without letting him know.
How did you know
about this island?
Yeah, and who's your uncle?
He sounds scary.
You don't know
who John is, do you?
I think I should be the one
to tell them.
Joe is my middle name.
My full name
is John Joseph Alden.
I'm your cousin.
What?
Our cousin?
- What?
- Is it true?
Yeah. My father and
your grandfather were brothers.
That's it!
That's who you remind me of.
Grandfather in those old
pictures in the photo album,
you look a lot like him.
Yeah, we are alike,
in more ways than one.
We're both stubborn
and we did not always get along.
When I wanted to go work
for Mr. Browning,
he wanted me to stay.
But I got mad
and went anyway.
I got mad and ran away once too.
You ran away to the boxcar
in Grandfather's backyard,
and that was only
until you got hungry.
It still counts.
I was so mad, but now
I don't even remember why.
Well, running away
didn't solve my problem.
And it took a hard knock on
the head to learn that lesson.
And now, I think I'd like
to come back home to live.
That is,
if my cousins don't mind.
Mind? It's the best thing
we could think of.
Somebody better call Grandfather
right away.
He's coming over today,
for Benny's birthday.
We can tell him together.
Hold on a second.
I think we have to be careful.
He thinks he lost you.
News like this could come
as a shock for a man his age.
Well, what can we do?
He'll know me
as soon as he sees me.
I think I have a way to tell him
so it's not so sudden.
But you'll have to stay
out of sight at first.
Okay, let's try it.
We need to hurry.
Grandfather will be here soon.
Grandfather! Grandfather!
- Oop. Be careful.
- Grandfather!
Happy birthday, my boy.
Are your veins all right,
Grandfather?
Huh? Veins?
Yes. You know, some people
have funny veins,
so when they hear something
awfully good,
suddenly,
they just drop down dead!
Hmm.
I am sure that good news
wouldn't kill me.
Good,
because I've got a surprise.
Oh, here, Benny, carry this.
It's your birthday lunch.
What? Oh! Got it!
Uh-oh.
I suppose Benny is right
about getting a shock,
isn't he, Grandfather?
Maybe for some people.
But if I had good news,
I wouldn't want to miss the fun.
That's good.
Now, think of the nicest
surprise you can.
What would that be?
I suppose
it wouldn't be a thing.
It would be a person.
You can't drop dead
because you promised.
What exactly is this good news?
Come on, Grandfather.
Joe is so worried.
Joe? Hmm.
Why are you waving?
Huh?
John?
Is it really you?
It's really me, Uncle James.
When Mr. Browning came to me
and told me what happened...
I was so worried.
Whoo!
I'd almost given up hope.
I'm so sorry.
Doesn't make sense.
Why come all this way
and not see me?
I wanted to, and I almost did,
but I was afraid.
Why on Earth would you be afraid
to come home?
The way we fought,
I wasn't sure you'd have me.
And honestly, I wasn't sure
I really wanted to come back.
But then, I got to know
my cousins.
Being around them helped me
to see things more clearly.
They have that effect on people.
I'd like to make it right,
if it's not too late.
You can't just cut off a whole
year like a tangled fishing line
and throw it away.
- Hmm.
- Can we eat yet?
What a good idea, Benny.
Come on, Grandfather,
let's celebrate
Benny's birthday.
Yes, of course.
A toy Watch is on my cake?
Here you go, Benny.
No thank you. I just want
blackberries and cream.
Just like Peter Rabbit.
Only Peter Rabbit
didn't get any.
Don't you remember?
He was naughty.
At last, Peter Rabbit
has his blackberries and cream.
I got two surprises
for my birthday:
a bottle of cream
and a new cousin.
Come to the house and we'll try
to sort everything out.
Thank you, Uncle James.
I would like that
more than anything.
I've never seen a summer
go so fast.
I feel like we just got here.
I'll miss this place.
I don't want summer to be over.
Whoa, my! Does he do that often?
No, not often.
He is getting over it.
Someday, he'll grow up.
Stop crying.
Listen, Benny,
don't you remember?
Joe will be going back too.
- Don't scare him away again.
- Oh yeah!
I can't wait
to show you our boxcar!
I'd like that,
but nothing's for sure yet.
I still need to work things out
with your grandfather.
This island
was sure full of surprises.
Surprise Island.
That's a perfect name
for this place, Jessie.
But I never did find
any treasure on this island.
No? I did.
Well, I guess that's it.
I am not going to cry.
Good for you, Benny.
Just keep thinking how lonesome
Grandfather's been.
Yes, and I wanna go home now.
I wanna sleep in my real bed.
A real bed
sounds good to me too.
Goodbye, barn.
See you next summer.
Where's Joe?
He said he'd be back
to say goodbye.
Did he run away again?
Grandfather
would surely want him to stay.
Joe! Joe!
Oh, I shouldn't worry too much.
Besides, we have to go now
or we'll be late
meeting your grandfather.
Thanks for everything, Captain.
Now, I expect you all to come
back to the island again,
very soon.
We will.
Good.
We got eight lobsters!
And the Captain made us
lobster rolls!
And I got to bait the trap!
We have a stop to make,
and you can tell me
all about it.
Should we ask about Joe?
I think he'd tell us
if there was something to tell.
Ah, here we are.
Hey.
My goodness. Is that
named for you, Grandfather?
It's named for our family.
It's been here a long time.
Hello, Mr. Alden.
It's nice to see you again.
Is the new director about?
He's on his way, sir.
Joe!
You're the director
of the museum?
Yeah. It was Uncle James' idea.
Does this mean
you won't go exploring anymore?
No, in fact, I'll be leading the
exploration on Surprise Island.
And from time to time,
I'll go on other expeditions.
But the rest of the time,
I'll be here.
We worked things out
because that's what families do.
You don't look like Joe anymore.
You look like John.
Well, thank you, Benny.
I think.
Follow me. You're going to love
this exhibit.
Did you collect
all these yourself, Grandfather?
- Wow! How neat!
- Wow!
Your birds are just like ours.
So they are.
Jessie?
Did you call me, Benny?
Yes.
I said Joe
was gonna live with us.
He's my best friend
in all the world.
Yes, I know he is.
I mean, all but you, Jessie,
and Violet and Grandfather.
And Watch?
Yes, Watch and Henry
and Captain Daniel.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org